correct the condition description of RangeError (#26290)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/array/with/index.md

  - : Zero-based index at which to change the array, [converted to an integer](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number#integer_conversion).
    - Negative index counts back from the end of the array — if `start < 0`, `start + array.length` is used.
    - If `start` is omitted, `0` is used.

>     - If the actual index is out of bounds, a {{jsxref("RangeError")}} is thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the index after normalization is out of bounds, a {{jsxref("RangeError")}} is thrown.
```
